Docs for backbones (#735)
PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash: docs/source/general/backbones.rst

> **********
> Backbones and Heads
> **********

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*******************
Backbones and Heads
*******************
```

> Backbones are the pre trained models that can be used to fine tune a task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backbones are the pre trained models that can be used with a task.
```

> The backbones or heads that are available can be found by using the ``available_backbones`` and ``available_heads`` functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backbones or heads that are available can be found by using the ``available_backbones`` and ``available_heads`` methods.
```

To get the available backbones for a task like :class:`~flash.image.classification.model.ImageClassifier`, run:

.. code-block:: python

    from flash.image import ImageClassifier

    # get the backbones available for ImageClassifier
    backbones = ImageClassifier.available_backbones()

    # print the backbones
    print(backbones)

> To get the available heads for a task like :class:`~flash.image.SemanticSegmentation`, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the available heads for a task like :class:`~flash.image.segmentation.model.SemanticSegmentation`, run:
```
